Reword release note for 1.7.5 (#8521)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.7.x/announcing-1.7.5/index.md

- **Fixed** multicluster `EnvoyFilter` to have valid configuration following the underlying changes in Envoy’s API. ([Issue #27909](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/27909))

> - **Fixed** an issue causing a short spike in errors during in place upgrades from Istio 1.6 to 1.7.Previously, the xDS version would be upgraded automatically from xDS v2 to xDS v3. This caused downtime with upgrades from Istio 1.6 to Istio 1.7. This has been fixed so that these upgrades no longer cause downtime. Note that upgrade from Istio 1.7.x to Istio 1.7.5 still causes downtime in any existing 1.6 proxies. Alternatively, to retain the previous behavior, you may set the `PILOT_ENABLE_TLS_XDS_DYNAMIC_TYPES` environment variable to false in Istiod. ([Issue #28120](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28120))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue causing a short spike in errors during in place upgrades from Istio 1.6 to 1.7.Previously, the xDS version would be upgraded automatically from xDS v2 to xDS v3. This caused downtime with upgrades from Istio 1.6 to Istio 1.7. This has been fixed so that these upgrades no longer cause downtime. Note that, as a tradeoff, upgrade from Istio 1.7.x to Istio 1.7.5 still causes downtime in any existing 1.6 proxies; if you are in this scenario you may set the `PILOT_ENABLE_TLS_XDS_DYNAMIC_TYPES` environment variable to false in Istiod to retain the previous behavior. ([Issue #28120](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28120))
```

> - **Fixed** an issue causing a short spike in errors during in place upgrades from Istio 1.6 to 1.7.Previously, the xDS version would be upgraded automatically from xDS v2 to xDS v3. This caused downtime with upgrades from Istio 1.6 to Istio 1.7. This has been fixed so that these upgrades no longer cause downtime. Note that upgrade from Istio 1.7.x to Istio 1.7.5 still causes downtime in any existing 1.6 proxies. Alternatively, to retain the previous behavior, you may set the `PILOT_ENABLE_TLS_XDS_DYNAMIC_TYPES` environment variable to false in Istiod. ([Issue #28120](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28120))

Reviewer 2: Needs a space: `1.7.Previously,`

> - **Fixed** an issue causing a short spike in errors during in place upgrades from Istio 1.6 to 1.7. Previously, the xDS version would be upgraded automatically from xDS v2 to xDS v3. This caused downtime with upgrades from Istio 1.6 to Istio 1.7. This has been fixed so that these upgrades no longer cause downtime. Note that, as a trade-off, upgrading from Istio 1.7.x to Istio 1.7.5 still causes downtime in any existing 1.6 proxies; if you are in this scenario you may set the `PILOT_ENABLE_TLS_XDS_DYNAMIC_TYPES` environment variable to false in Istiod to retain the previous behavior. ([Issue #28120](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28120))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue causing a short spike in errors during in place upgrades from Istio 1.6 to 1.7. Previously, the xDS version would be upgraded automatically from xDS v2 to xDS v3. This caused downtime with upgrades from Istio 1.6 to Istio 1.7. This has been fixed so that these upgrades no longer cause downtime. Note that, as a trade off, upgrading from Istio 1.7.x to Istio 1.7.5 still causes downtime in any existing 1.6 proxies; if you are in this scenario you may set the `PILOT_ENABLE_TLS_XDS_DYNAMIC_TYPES` environment variable to false in Istiod to retain the previous behavior. ([Issue #28120](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/28120))
```
